Question 10
10. Create a function for a linked list that sorts the list so that first all odd numbers are listed and then all even numbers. 

In this program, we are asked to sort a linked list so that all odd numbers are listed first and then all even numbers are listed. In the main function, we make a node start that is null. We create a for loop that inserts random values in the list. The insertFirst function takes two parameters which are a reference to the head node and int data. It creates a new node and initializes it. It then sets the value of the new node to the value of data. The new node then connects to the head node and then the new node to become the head. After the linked list is filled with random numbers, we use the LL_print function to print each value of the linked list. The simple print function takes a node as a parameter. It goes through the node printing the data of the node and going on to the next node until the node points to NULL meaning it’s the end of the list. We print the value to see what the original list looks like. We then call the oddEven function to sort the list. The oddEven function takes a reference to the head node as a parameter. We then make two empty lists which are for odd numbers and even numbers. We also make a current node to travel the head node. We use the while loop to check if we reach the end of the list. If not, then we check if the data of the current node has a reminder after being divided by two. If the remainder is 1, then the data of the current node is odd and we insert it to the odd list using the insertFirst function. Otherwise the data is even and we insert it to the even list. After each loop, current points to the next node. After the loop finishes and the odd numbers are in the odd list and the even numbers are in the even list, we set the head equal to the odd list and use the current node to travel through the node. After the head node has all the odd numbers, we point the end of the current node to the start of the even list. This makes it so the odd numbers are listed first and then the even numbers are listed. Lastly, we print the list again and see the list. 

